Bens notes on the potential design of the game
-------------------------------------------------

Ok well as we approach our goal of getting a functioning game, we
must ask ourselves how we plan on approaching the combat system of the game.
(as a dungeon crawler is about 99% combat)

Seeing as this area of the games design is lacking i have taken the 
liberty of creating a system of combat modeled from other videos games. 
This system should reward the player for taking risks while keeping the
threat of death alive.

I'll focus now on the four main components to the games combat
that I think we should include.

1. Player stats
2. Enemies
3. Player controls
4. Items

----------------
1. Player Stats
----------------

The game is going to revolve around your player being able to do different
things bc of stats, while still using minimal keyboard controls.

Basically your general rpg/moba stats
There is starting stats which are: Your attack stat - 10 hp dmg on hit,
			           Your Max Hp Stat - 100 Hp on start,
				   Your block stat -  75% dmg
				   Your spd stat - idk your the programmer but its a changeable stat and there is a sprint which ill discuss later
				   Your max stamina stat - 100 stamina
				   your stamina regen stat - 5/second
Then there will be special stats or abilities gained from items which will
be discussed later.

-------------------
2. Enemies
-------------------

enemies will also retain stats but they are much simpler.
the only stats the enemies have are -  hp, attack dmg, mvnt spd, and one single enemie has the shield property(maybe idk)

Two enemies

Skeletors 

- main enemies
- 4 different tiers to the skeletors with different stats
- Copper, Silver, Ruby, Diamond
- each has a varying chance of dropping an item (60% copper, 30% silver, 10% ruby, 100% diamond)
- Why the 100%? well diamonds are kind of a luxury, only three of them spawn, which ill discuss later when we get to items but you can only have 6, 
 so if only 3 diamonds spawn you kinda want to get that dank tier 4 gear.
-tiers always drop the same tier of item, copper to copper and diamond to diamond
-enemies also have a 50% chance across all tiers of dropping a heart which restores
 hp at varying levels based on tier (5 hp, 10 hp, 25 hp, 50 hp)
- The skeletors of all tiers only have one type of attack

Copper stats
-20 hp, 5 dmg on hit, do the spd nibba, no shield, 66.6% spawn chance

silver
-40 hp, 10 dmg on hit, spd nibba, no shield, 25% spawn chance

ruby
-75 hp, 20 dmg on hit, spd nibba, no shield, 10% spawn chance

Diamond
- 100 Hp, 25 dmg on hit, spd nibba (all these should be the same spd),
  again only three spawn, just choose them somewhere near the final boss




The Final Boss

-Hardest Enemy (duh!)
- 2 attacks; 1 melee with the flail (FREIDE bring me muh flail), and a 
  magical light ball attack (i already made the animation so fuck off)
-Both attacks will be used according to the players situation
- if the player enters an area near the moth he will use the flail
-if he is not the ranged will begin charging (it has a charge up time of three seconds but can be changed to longer)
- the ranged does the big dmg and stuns the player for 1 second so dont get hit by it
- if a ranged attack is being charged and the player reenters the melee range
  the attack will continue to charge and fire
- there will be a cooldown time before it starts charging again if you are
  still outside of the melee range
- throughout the fight 4 hearts will appear in the corners of the room, 1 for each of the tier type of heart
- if you go for one of the hearts the ranged attack will go off and you will need to dodge
- The mothra will not move its position (idk unless you want it to)

Moth Knight stats

Hp: 200-300
Melee attack dmg on hit: 10-15 dmg
Ranged attack dmg on hit: 30-40 dmg (it does the deeps)
			  also stuns player from being able to
		          move for 1 second

Basically the boss wont be hard, the challenge for it will come 
with making sure you got enough dank shit before you came to fight him


-----------------
Player controls
-----------------

    w            E - Attack
  a s d          Q - Block
    |            Shift  - Sprint (idk 3% increase, drains stamina too)
    v            Tab - Minimap?
   Move          

         Space - Items Menu
	 Enter - Activate/equip/talk/action

Ez Pz nice and simple


---------
Items
---------

Ok the big fun one
jk
this is gonna be the harder part of programming
but im not hard set on all 12
and we would probably have to balance some stuff (of course were also gonna have to balance the player and enemies stats anyways so its playable)
anyways heres the 12 items their stat and the different stats at each tier

Clothes                  Tiers 
---------           C    S   R   D
Cloak of Iron C-D (+10, 25, 50, 100 Max Hp)
Boots of Agility C-D (+3%,6%,12%, 25% mvmnt spd)
Shield of Tenacity C-D (+2%, 5%, 10%, 20% dmg resist)
Scorching Pendant C-D (2,4,6,8 dmg/sec to nearby enemies) (basically a sunfire cape)
Ring of Rejuvination C-D (5,10,15,20 Hp regen/ 5 sec
Guantlets of Endurance C-D (+5%, 15%, 20%, 30% stamina regen)

Weapons
---------
Dawnsbane C-D (+5, 10, 20, 30 dmg on hit)
Clandestine Judgement C-D (5, 10, 15, 20 dmg left on the ground as an AOE bomb that explodes after 1-2 seconds)
Hunters Mark C-D (weapon has a ranged property now that attacks in varrying ranges based on tier, in a cone shape)
LifeLeecher C-D (+2, 4, 8, 12 hp on hit)
Eternal Flame D only (come back to life death, extinguishes the flame)
Corrupting Dagger C-D (2%, 8%, 15%, 20% chance to turn a skeletor friendly for 10 seconds)(so basically the first attack on an enemy triggers this effect
											    and it cant trigger again, so if it happens it turns green right away and starts fighting for you
		not super hard set on this last one bc it will be a bitch                    , if it doesnt it will never happen to that specific skeletor)


So yeah those are the items... and basically that would be all there is to the game
you just run around killing shit and get dank gear and then you try to fight the boss.		 						 	  

what we still need drawing wise:

-well most of the animations for attacks
 and a blocking animation for the hero, but let me do that
 bc i had an idea for it
-I need to draw the hermit, and his chat bubbles for the mini in game tutorial
- uhmm Idk what you guys want to do with sound and sfx but ill leave that one
  up to you guys and ill help however i can with it when we decide what we want to do
  (i mean anything on here im willing to discuss, but i mean, what i have here is a game, that will
   function for the most part with some tweaking)
 
